Add CLUSTER SLOT-STATS document. (#150)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: commands/cluster-slot-stats.md

Returns an array of slot usage statistics for slots assigned to the current shard.
The command is suitable for Valkey Cluster users aiming to assess general slot usage trends, identify hot / cold slots, migrate slots for a balanced cluster workload, and / or re-write application logic to better utilize slots.

The following statistics are supported:

* `key-count` -- Number of keys residing in a given slot.
* `cpu-usec` -- Amount of CPU time (in microseconds) spent on a given slot.
* `network-bytes-in` -- Amount of network ingress (in bytes) received for given slot.
* `network-bytes-out` -- Amount of network egress (in bytes) sent out for given slot.

## Options

> * `ORDERBY` -- Returns an ordered slot statistics based on the specified statistic and sub-arguments to identify hot / cold slots across the cluster. In the event of a tie in the stats, ascending slot number is used as a tie breaker.

Reviewer: In the past we talked about also including the descriptions for limit and ASC/DESC. Specifically to implement pagination if someone wanted to do that.

* `SLOTSRANGE` -- Returns slot statistics based on the slots range provided for pagination. The range is inclusive. The response is ordered in ascending slot number.

## Examples

### Response in RESP2

```
> CLUSTER SLOT-STATS ORDERBY KEY-COUNT LIMIT 2 DESC
1) 1) (integer) 12426
   2) 1) "key-count"
      2) (integer) 45
      3) "cpu-usec"
      4) (integer) 0
      5) "network-bytes-in"
      6) (integer) 0
      7) "network-bytes-out"
      8) (integer) 0
2) 1) (integer) 13902
   2) 1) "key-count"
      2) (integer) 20
      3) "cpu-usec"
      4) (integer) 0
      5) "network-bytes-in"
      6) (integer) 0
      7) "network-bytes-out"
      8) (integer) 0

> ```
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Examples typically flow.

Reviewer 2: They are two different examples?

If yes, then I would add some text between them to say what's what.

> CLUSTER SLOT-STATS SLOTSRANGE 0 1
1) 1) (integer) 0
   2) 1) "key-count"
      2) (integer) 0
      3) "cpu-usec"
      4) (integer) 0
      5) "network-bytes-in"
      6) (integer) 0
      7) "network-bytes-out"
      8) (integer) 0
2) 1) (integer) 1
   2) 1) "key-count"
      2) (integer) 0
      3) "cpu-usec"
      4) (integer) 0
      5) "network-bytes-in"
      6) (integer) 0
      7) "network-bytes-out"
      8) (integer) 0
```

### Response in RESP3

```
> CLUSTER SLOT-STATS ORDERBY KEY-COUNT LIMIT 2 DESC
1) 1) (integer) 12426
   2) 1# "key-count" => (integer) 45
      2# "cpu-usec" => (integer) 0
      3# "network-bytes-in" => (integer) 0
      4# "network-bytes-out" => (integer) 0
2) 1) (integer) 13902
   2) 1# "key-count" => (integer) 20
      2# "cpu-usec" => (integer) 0
      3# "network-bytes-in" => (integer) 0
      4# "network-bytes-out" => (integer) 0

> ```
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

`CLUSTER SLOT-STATS` returns an array of slot usage statistics for slots assigned to the current shard.
The command is suitable for Valkey Cluster users aiming to assess general slot usage trends, identify hot / cold slots, migrate slots for a balanced cluster workload, and / or re-write application logic to better utilize slots.

The following statistics are supported:
* `key-count` - Number of keys residing in a given slot.
* `cpu-usec` - Amount of cpu time (in micro-seconds) spent on a given slot.
* `network-bytes-in` - Amount of network ingress (in bytes) received for given slot.
* `network-bytes-out` - Amount of network egress (in bytes) sent out for given slot.

> ## Supported filtering and ordering arguments
> There exist two mutually exclusive arguments for controlling the output, namely;
> 
> ### SLOTSRANGE
> Returns slot statistics based on the slots range provided. The range is inclusive.
> The `SLOTSRANGE` argument allows for request pagination.
> The response is ordered in ascending slot number.

Reviewer 2: The syntax is also inserted automatically above this text, from the JSON file. We should document the options. If they're mutually exclusive, the syntax will display this as `< SLOTRANGE xxxx | ORDERBY yyy >` so I don't think we need to mention that.

```suggestion
## Options

* `SLOTSRANGE`: Returns slot statistics based on the slots range provided.
  The range is inclusive.
  The `SLOTSRANGE` argument allows for request pagination.
  The response is ordered in ascending slot number.
```

> `CLUSTER SLOT-STATS` returns an array of slot usage statistics for slots assigned to the current shard.

Reviewer: I just realize we kind of use metrics and statistics sort of interchangeably which now bothers me, but maybe it's fine.

Reviewer 2: The command name is the title of the page, so it doesn't need to here.

```suggestion
Returns an array of slot usage statistics for slots assigned to the current shard.
```

The command is suitable for Valkey Cluster users aiming to assess general slot usage trends, identify hot / cold slots, migrate slots for a balanced cluster workload, and / or re-write application logic to better utilize slots.

> As of now, the following metrics are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following metrics are supported:
```

* `key-count` - Number of keys residing in a given slot.
* `cpu-usec` - Amount of cpu time (in micro-seconds) spent on a given slot.

> * `network-bytes-in` - Amount of network ingress (in bytes) spent on a given slot.
> * `network-bytes-out` - Amount of network egress (in bytes) spent on a given slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `network-bytes-in` - Amount of network ingress (in bytes) received for given slot.
* `network-bytes-out` - Amount of network egress (in bytes) sent for a given slot.
```

> ## Supported arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported filtering and ordering arguments
```

> There exist two mutually exclusive arguments, namely;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There exist two mutually exclusive arguments for controlling the output, namely;
```

### SLOTSRANGE
Returns slot statistics based on the slots range provided. The range is inclusive.
The `SLOTSRANGE` argument allows for request pagination.
The response is ordered in ascending slot number.

##### Response in RESP2
```
> CLUSTER SLOT-STATS SLOTSRANGE 0 1
1) 1) (integer) 0
   2) 1) "key-count"
      2) (integer) 0
      3) "cpu-usec"
      4) (integer) 0
      5) "network-bytes-in"
      6) (integer) 0
      7) "network-bytes-out"
      8) (integer) 0
2) 1) (integer) 1
   2) 1) "key-count"
      2) (integer) 0
      3) "cpu-usec"
      4) (integer) 0
      5) "network-bytes-in"
      6) (integer) 0
      7) "network-bytes-out"
      8) (integer) 0
```

##### Response in RESP3
```
> CLUSTER SLOT-STATS SLOTSRANGE 0 1
1) 1) (integer) 0
   2) 1# "key-count" => (integer) 0
      2# "cpu-usec" => (integer) 0
      3# "network-bytes-in" => (integer) 0
      4# "network-bytes-out" => (integer) 0
2) 1) (integer) 1
   2) 1# "key-count" => (integer) 0
      2# "cpu-usec" => (integer) 0
      3# "network-bytes-in" => (integer) 0
      4# "network-bytes-out" => (integer) 0
```

### ORDERBY

> Orders slot statistics based on the provided metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orders slot statistics based on the specified statistic.
```

The `ORDERBY` argument allows for the user to identify hot / cold slots across the cluster.

> The response is ordered based on sort result.

Reviewer: I think we can maybe just merge this into the first sentence, this feels a bit obvious and duplicative.

In the event of a tie in the provided metric value, ascending slot number is used as a tie breaker.

##### Response in RESP2
```
> CLUSTER SLOT-STATS ORDERBY KEY-COUNT LIMIT 2 DESC
1) 1) (integer) 12426
   2) 1) "key-count"
      2) (integer) 45
      3) "cpu-usec"
      4) (integer) 0
      5) "network-bytes-in"
      6) (integer) 0
      7) "network-bytes-out"
      8) (integer) 0
2) 1) (integer) 13902
   2) 1) "key-count"
      2) (integer) 20
      3) "cpu-usec"
      4) (integer) 0
      5) "network-bytes-in"
      6) (integer) 0
      7) "network-bytes-out"
      8) (integer) 0
```

##### Response in RESP3
```

> > CLUSTER SLOT-STATS ORDERBY KEY-COUNT LIMIT 2 DESC

Reviewer: We don't describe the limit or ASC/DESC tokens anywhere. We should probably do that.
